hi welcome to askin Patti comm my name
is rich and I have an old leather chair
here that has seen some better days I
found a product that really works well
it not only cleaning leather but
conditioning it safely now it doesn't
work on suede and if you have leather
I'm going to caution you that's really
really old and cracked and dry
they don't recommend it when you use
this product some darkening of the
leather just because of the moisture
factor in it may occur but within 24
hours which we don't have enough time
today to do this it will go back to its
natural color
this product has lanolin aloe vera it's
a lot of really safe products and
there's a couple ways you can do it you
can put it on your hand it's not going
to hurt you at all and just rub it into
the leather now what we're going to do
is we're going to take some clean rags
and I have some in my pocket here and
this is what your head normally would go
so there's probably a lot of grease and
dirt just from your hair but we're going
to rub it into the leather and then use
a white like absorbent rag to transfer
the dirt from it and as the dirt comes
off the leather into the rag oh and it
is you can see pretty much all the dirt
and I knew that would happen because
where people sit traditionally in a
leather chair where your head leans up
against the backrest you know just oil
from your hair and dirt from your hair
and if this rag gets dirtier what we're
going to do is just switch to a new one
but I'm going to give it a little second
shot here we're starting to get a
substantial amount of dirt off of this
chair so I'm just going to go to another
rag that I conveniently put in my pocket
and the other part of the chair that
really gets a lot of dirt if you think
about it are the arms and I don't know
if you can see this but these arms where
your hands rest are pretty dirty so
we'll do our best here to get these
clean next I want to get the seed which
isn't too bad and again I just I know
the chemical I'm using here today is
you know it's a very safe it's you know
it's not but if you have any doubts it's
always a good thing to wear rubber
gloves
it won't hurt but on the directions of
this product it will even tell you you
can apply it with your hands I don't
know if you can see the chair they say
wait 24 hours and you can buff it but
we've gotten a lot of dirt out of the
chair and for the sake of the video
can't sit here all day and do this but
you know it really is a great product it
works great it's very safe on leather
I've had great luck with it and if you
try it I hope you do too thanks for
tuning in to watch video asking at patty
calm and we hope we helped you today
thanks
you